Participant ID — Anonymized user ID provided by the tester

Tour 
Direction — Indicates the direction for the AI user guide tour of mazes
Sets the translational and rotation speed of the AI tour

Graphics — Presets based on the screen dimensions, frame rate, along with the in maze eye level and viewing perspective

Avatar — Sets the in maze user speed, rotation speed (radial velocity), and body radius (used in calculating tripped wires, wall collisions, etc…)

Input Device — Keyboard relates to arrow and enter button, addition button include
Enter - Confirms selection
S - used to skip maze, data is still recorded to data file
Esc — exits the maze program
C — Used with gazepoint to re-calibrate program. Only available during the break screens between mazes.
P — Used to print screen the current maze, image can be found in the Objects/Screenshots folder

Point-of-View — Experiment is preset for 1st person view, but the experiment can be toggle to provide 3rd person bird view of experiment. (General for debugging purposes).

Trial Schedule — Sets the numbers practice trials, blocks divides the total number of mazes found in the mazes folders and divides them into the number of blocks. The number of mazes are evenly distributed. A number of blocks that does not provide an even distribution will cause an error.
Maze Run Type
Presents include:
Experiment — Learning and Performance mazes performed by user
AI Tour — Learning phase conducted by AI, while performance conducted by user
No tour — Only performance mazes performed by the user
Select Mazes — allows the user to use the drop menu below to run a specific maze. The trial only contain the performance trial of the selected mazes. The number maze correspond to the number mazes in the maze folder of the project file.
Cues — Two condition available, proximal and distal condition (D&P) and distal only (D). The GUI is present to the D&P condition.

Time — Sets the time limits of both the learning maze and the performance trial. The polling interval sets the interval at which data is collected.

GazePoint — Used to setup experiment for eye tracking. Both Gazepoint analysis and control must be actively running before starting experiment. The ip address is taken from Gazepoint control settings menu.

DynamicFOv - Dynamic Field Of View controls the viewable space while the user is in motion. The focused setting creates a scope like perspective, where only space within the circle is viewable. The gradient setting blurs the view towards the outer edge of the screen. These settings were added to minimize the feeling of disorientation and nausea among users, but has yet to be tested at scale to determine the effectiveness in reducing motion sickness.